obama check this video out -- president obama at the white house correspondents' dinner URL 
40d need suggestions for a good ir filter for my canon 40d ... got some? pls dm 
google AT_USER i just checked my google for my business- blip shows up as the second entry! huh. is that a good or ba... ? URL 
san francisco is in san francisco at bay to breakers. 
san francisco just landed at san francisco 
san francisco san francisco today. any suggestions? 
star trek on my way to see star trek @ the esquire. 
star trek going to see star trek soon with my dad. 
malcolm gladwell bill simmons in conversation with malcolm gladwell URL 
twitter api""" playing with curl and the twitter api 
twitter api""" playing with java and the twitter api 
nike "nike owns nba playoffs ads w/ lebron, kobe, carmelo? URL adidas billups howard marketing branding" 
nike "'next time, i'll call myself nike'" 
nike new blog post: nike sb dunk low premium 'white gum' URL 
weka "giving weka an app engine interface, using the bird strike data for the tests, the logo is a given." 
50d "brand new canon eos 50d 15mp dslr camera canon 17-85mm is lens ...: web technology thread, brand new canon eos 5.. URL 
stanford "nvidia names stanford's bill dally chief scientist, vp of research URL 
stanford new blog post: harvard versus stanford - who wins? URL 
jquery book jquery ui 1.6 book review - URL 
googleio at gwt fireside chat AT_USER 
viral marketing "hi there, does anyone have a great source for advice on viral marketing?... URL 
viral marketing "here's a case study on how to use viral marketing to add over 10,000 people to your list URL 
night at the museum""" going to see the new night at the museum movie with my family oh boy a three year old in the movies fuin 
night at the museum""" just saw the new night at the museum movie...it was...okay...lol 7\10 
night at the museum""" going to see night at the museum 2 with tall boy 
night at the museum""" i saw night at the museum: battle of the swithsonian today. it was okay. your typical [kids] ben stiller movie. 
night at the museum""" taking katie to see night at the museum. (she picked it) 
gm gm says expects announcment on sale of hummer soon - reuters: wdsugm says expects announcment on sale of hummer .. URL 
time warner time warner cable pulls the plug on 'the girlfriend experience' - (www.tinyurl.com/m595fk) 
china "rocawear heads to china, building 300 stores - URL 
china "climate focus turns to beijing: the united nations, the us and european governments have called on china to co-o.. URL 
china myfoxdc barrie students back from trip to china: a silver spring high school's class trip to china has en.. URL 
china "three china aerospace giants develop tianjin binhai new area, 22.9 b yuan invested URL 
gm URL gm ceo: china will continue to be key partner 
gm rt AT_USER is now the time to buy a gm car? URL 
dentist dentist tomorrow. have to brush well in the morning. like i make my hair all nice before i get it cut. why? 
dentist AT_USER pet dentist URL 
baseball ncaa baseball super regional - rams club URL 
baseball just started playing major league baseball 2k9. URL 
baseball cardinals baseball advance to super regionals. face cs-fullerton friday. 
sony sony coupon code.. expires soon.. URL 
safeway waiting in line at safeway. 
safeway did not realize there is a gym above safeway! 
safeway "AT_USER i have three words for you: ""safeway dot com""" 
safeway bout to hit safeway i gotta eat 
safeway jake's going to safeway! 
safeway found a safeway. picking up a few staples. 
safeway safeway super-marketing via mobile coupons URL 
eating your normal weight (and how to get there) ? normal eating blog URL 
eating is eating and watching movies.... 
eating eating sashimi 
eating is eating home made yema 
eating eating cake 
nike iphone may get radio tagging and nike : recently-released itunes version 8.2 suggests that voiceover functional.. URL 
jquery launched! URL imgsearch ajax jquery webapp 
jquery rt AT_USER the ultimate jquery list - URL 
jquery i just extracted and open-sourced a jquery plugin from stormweight to highlight text with a regular expression: URL 
jquery AT_USER what was the php jquery hack? 
jquery jquery cheat sheet URL 
jquery beginning javascript and css development with jquery javascript css jquery URL 
warren buffet warren buffet on the economy URL 
notre dame school all-star basketball classic tuesday features top talent: chattanooga's notre dame high school will play host.. URL 
kindle2 "rt look, available !amazon kindle2 &amp; kindle dx, get it here: URL the top electronic book reader period, free 2 day ship ..." 
federer man accosts roger federer during french open URL 
stanford investigation pending on death of stanford cs prof / google mentor rajeev motwani URL tip AT_USER 
stanford "i'm going to bed. it was a successful weekend. stanford, here i come." 
wave sandbox google wave developer sandbox account request URL 
google AT_USER have google profiles stopped showing up in searches? cant see them anymore 
twitter any twitter to aprs apps yet? 
twitter 45 pros you should be following on twitter - URL 
fred wilson share: disruption...fred wilson's slides for his talk at google hq URL 
40d ok.. do nothing.. just thinking about 40d 
gm rt AT_USER rt AT_USER gm onstar now instantly sends accident location coordinates to 911 | gps obsessed URL 
san francisco "breakers. in san francisco, ca URL 
san francisco heading to san francisco 
twitter api""" how do you use the twitter api?... URL 
twitter api""" testing twitter api 
twitter api""" testing twitter api. remote update 
nike new blog post: nike zoom lebron soldier 3 (iii) - white / black - teal URL 
nike new blog post: nike trainer 1 URL 
east palo alto "jobs sittercity help with taking care of sick child (east palo alto, ca) URL 
stanford mba admissions tips stanford gsb deadlines and essay topics 2009-2010 URL 
stanford ethics and nonprofits - URL stanford socialentrepreneurship 
jquery book learning jquery 1.3 book review - URL 
goodby silverstein adobe cs4 commercial by goodby silverstein: URL 
hitler "watching a programme about the life of hitler, its only enhancing my geekiness of history." 
night at the museum""" "AT_USER jenna, i went to see night at the museum 2 today and i was so surprised to see three cast members from the office..." 
night at the museum""" about to watch night at the museum with ryan and stacy 
night at the museum""" "getting ready to go watch night at the museum 2. dum dum, you give me gum gum!" 
night at the museum""" "i think i may have a new favorite restaurant. on our way to see ""night at the museum 2""." 
night at the museum""" "up! was sold out, so i'm seeing night at the museum 2. i'm __ years old." 
gm obama: nationalization of gm to be short-term (ap) URL 
time warner "time warner ceo hints at online fees for magazines (ap) - read from mountain view,united states. views 16209 URL 
china lawson to head newedge hong kong URL business china 
china weird piano guitar house in china! URL 
gm send us your gm/chevy photos URL 
dentist AT_USER i had a dentist appt this morning and had the same conversation! 
dentist check this video out -- david after dentist URL 
dentist first dentist appointment [in years] on wednesday possibly. 
baseball tom shanahan's latest column on sdsu and its ncaa baseball regional appearance: URL 
baseball baseballamerica.com: blog: baseball america prospects blog ? blog ... URL 
baseball portland city politics may undo baseball park URL 
safeway "rt AT_USER ca merced's water bottled by safeway, resold at a profit: wells are drying up across the county URL 
safeway dropped her broccoli walking home from safeway! ;( so depressed 
safeway AT_USER we don't have safeway. 
safeway at safeway with dad 
safeway "safeway with marvin, janelle, and auntie lhu" 
safeway safeway offering mobile coupons URL 
driving "phillies driving in the cadillac with the top down in cali, win 5-3 - URL 
eating saved money by opting for grocery store trip and stocking food in hotel room fridge vs. eating out every night while out of town. 
eating "lounging around, eating taco bell and watching ncis before work tonight. need help staying awake." 
eating eating breakfast and then school 
eating still hungry after eating.... 
eating 10 tips for healthy eating ? resultsby fitness blog :: fitness ... URL 
eating "with the boyfriend, eating a quesadilla" 
eating "eating dinner. meat, chips, and risotto." 
nike got a new pair of nike shoes. pics up later 
nike "nike sb blazer high ""acg"" custom - brad douglas - URL 
nike nike air yeezy khaki/pink colorway release - URL 
nike AT_USER that looks an awful lot like one of nike's private jets....i'm just sayin.... 
jquery devsnippets : jquery tools - javascript ui components for the web... URL 
jquery "all about ajax,jquery ,css ,javascript and more... (many examples) URL 
jquery "this is cold.. i was looking at google's chart//visualization api and found this jquery ""wrapper"" for the api... URL 
jquery i spent most of my day reading a jquery book. now to start drinking some delirium tremens. 
jquery jquery selectors URL 
jquery how to implement a news ticker with jquery and ten lines of code URL 
warren buffet what's buffet doing? warren buffett kicks butt in battle of the boots: posted by:alex crippe.. URL 
warren buffet i'm truly braindead. i couldn't come up with warren buffet's name to save my soul 
at&t AT_USER oh i see. i thought at&amp;t were 900mhz wcdma? 
at&t AT_USER where did you read about tethering support phil? just at&amp;t or will o2 be joining in? 
kindle2 i hope the girl at work buys my kindle2 
kindle2 missed this insight-filled may column: one smart guy looking closely at why he's impressed with kindle2 URL AT_USER 
visa card AT_USER my primary debit card is visa electron. 
visa card off to the bank to get my new visa platinum card 
bobby flay has a date with bobby flay and gut fieri from food network 
iran how to track iran with social media: URL 
aapl twitter stock buzz: $aapl $es_f $spy $spx $palm (updated: 12:00 pm) 
bobby flay AT_USER is bobby flay joining you? 
latex ask programming: latex or indesign?: submitted by calcio1 [link] [1 comment] URL 
