kindle2 "AT_USER i loooooooovvvvvveee my kindle2. not that the dx is cool, but the 2 is fantastic in its own right." 
kindle2 reading my kindle2... love it... lee childs is good read. 
kindle2 "ok, first assesment of the kindle2 ...it fucking rocks!!!" 
kindle2 AT_USER you'll love your kindle2. i've had mine for a few months and never looked back. the new big one is huge! no need for remorse! :) 
kindle2 AT_USER fair enough. but i have the kindle2 and i think it's perfect :) 
kindle2 AT_USER no. it is too big. i'm quite happy with the kindle2. 
jquery jquery is my new best friend. 
twitter loves twitter 
obama how can you not love obama? he makes jokes about himself. 
obama "house correspondents dinner was last night whoopi, barbara &amp; sherri went, obama got a standing ovation" 
nike watchin espn..jus seen this new nike commerical with a puppet lebron..sh*t was hilarious...lmao!!! 
lebron "lebron best athlete of our generation, if not all time (basketball related) i don't want to get into inter-sport debates about __1/2" 
lebron i love lebron. URL 
lebron AT_USER lebron is the boss 
lebron "AT_USER lebron is a hometown hero to me, lol i love the lakers but let's go cavs, lol" 
lebron lebron and zydrunas are such an awesome duo 
lebron AT_USER lebron is a beast... nobody in the nba comes even close. 
iphone app downloading apps for my iphone! so much fun :-) there literally is an app for just about anything. 
visa "good news, just had a call from the visa office, saying everything is fine.....what a relief! i am sick of scams out there! stealing!" 
fredwilson URL - awesome come back from AT_USER (via AT_USER 
fredwilson in montreal for a long weekend of r&amp;r. much needed. 
booz allen""" booz allen hamilton has a bad ass homegrown social collaboration platform. way cool! ttiv 
booz allen""" [mluc09] customer innovation award winner: booz allen hamilton -- URL 
40d "AT_USER i current use the nikon d90 and love it, but not as much as the canon 40d/50d. i chose the d90 for the video feature. my mistake." 
google "AT_USER google is always a good place to look. should've mentioned i worked on the mustang w/ my dad, AT_USER 
stanford rt AT_USER i love the nerdy stanford human biology videos - makes me miss school. URL 
lyx "AT_USER has been a bit crazy, with steep learning curve, but lyx is really good for long docs. for anything shorter, it would be insane." 
danny gokey "i'm listening to ""p.y.t"" by danny gokey &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 aww, he's so amazing. i &lt;3 him so much :)" 
sleep is going to sleep then on a bike ride:] 
star trek AT_USER you will not regret going to see star trek. it was awesome! 
malcolm gladwell highly recommend: URL by malcolm gladwell 
malcolm gladwell blink by malcolm gladwell amazing book and the tipping point! 
malcolm gladwell malcolm gladwell might be my new man crush 
twitter api""" AT_USER playing with twitter api sounds fun. may need to take a class or find a new friend who like to generate results with api code. 
twitter api""" hello twitter api ;) 
scrapbooking is scrapbooking with nic =d 
wolfram alpha rt AT_USER five things wolfram alpha does better (and vastly different) than google - URL 
nike just changed my default pic to a nike basketball cause bball is awesome!!!!! 
nike back when i worked for nike we had one fav word : just do it! :) 
nike "by the way, i'm totally inspired by this freaky nike commercial: URL 
50d class... the 50d is supposed to come today :) 
east palo alto shout outs to all east palo alto for being in the buildin karizmakaze 50cal gta! also thanks to profits of doom universal hempz cracka...... 
stanford AT_USER AT_USER great stanford course. thanks for making it available to the public! really helpful and informative for starting off! 
lakers @ work til 6pm... lets go lakers!!! 
mcdonalds omgg i ohhdee want mcdonalds damn i wonder if its open lol =] 
jquery book "AT_USER i really liked AT_USER ""learning jquery"" book. URL is worth a look too" 
goodby silverstein "very interesting ad from adobe by goodby, silverstein &amp; partners - youtube - adobe cs4: le sens propre URL 
goodby silverstein goodby silverstein agency new site! URL great! 
goodby silverstein "rt AT_USER goodby, silverstein's new site: URL i enjoy it. *nice find!*" 
goodby silverstein the ever amazing psyop and goodby silverstein &amp; partners for hp! URL have to go play with after effects now! 
wieden top ten most watched on viral-video chart. love the nike mostvaluablepuppets campaign from wieden &amp; kennedy URL 
g2 zomg!!! i have a g2!!!!!!! 
g2 ok so lots of buzz from io2009 but how lucky are they - a free g2!! URL 
g2 just got a free g2 android at google i/o!!! 
g2 guess i'll be retiring my g1 and start using my developer g2 woot googleio 
googleio i am happy for philip being at googleio today 
lakers lakers played great! cannot wait for thursday night lakers vs. ??? 
viral marketing judd apatow creates fake sitcom on nbc.com to market his new movie... viral marketing at its best. URL 
night at the museum""" watching night at the museum . lmao 
night at the museum""" i loved night at the museum!!! 
night at the museum""" just got back from the movies. went to see the new night at the museum with rachel. it was good 
night at the museum""" AT_USER i will take you on a date to see night at the museum 2 whenever you want...it looks soooooo good 
night at the museum""" no watching the night at the museum. getting really good 
night at the museum""" "night at the museum, wolverine and junk food - perfect monday!" 
night at the museum""" saw night at the museum 2 last night.. pretty crazy movie.. but the cast was awesome so it was well worth it. robin williams forever! 
dentist "my wrist still hurts. i have to get it looked at. i hate the dr/dentist/scary places. :( time to watch eagle eye. if you want to join, txt!" 
dentist is studing math ;) tomorrow exam and dentist :) 
safeway safeway is very rock n roll tonight 
nike i love dwight howard's vitamin water commercial... now i wish he was with nike and not adidas. lol. 
nike is lovin his nike already and that's only from running on the spot in his bedroom 
jquery AT_USER i finally got around to using jquery to make my bio collapse. yay for slide animations. 
warren buffet "AT_USER right!!! lol we'll get there!! i have high expectations, warren buffet style." 
warren buffet "rt AT_USER rt great AT_USER ""someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.""- warren buffet" 
warren buffet "warren buffet became (for a time) the richest man in the united states, not by working but investing in 1 big idea which lead to the fortune" 
notre dame school "according to the create a school, notre dame will have 7 receivers in ncaa 10 at 84 or higher rating :) *sweet*" 
kindle2 AT_USER it's definitely under warranty &amp; my experience is the amazon support for kindle is great! had to contact them about my kindle2 
stanford we went to stanford university today. got a tour. made me want to go back to college. it's also decided all of our kids will go there. 
google AT_USER i love google translator too ! :d good day mate ! 
kindle2 reading on my new kindle2! 
kindle2 my kindle2 came and i love it! :) 
kindle2 "loving my new kindle2. named her kendra in case u were wondering. the ""cookbook"" is the tool cuz it tells u all the tricks! best gift evr!" 
obama obama is quite a good comedian! check out his dinner speech on cnn :) very funny jokes. 
obama "' barack obama shows his funny side "" &gt;&gt; URL !! great speech.." 
obama "i like this guy : ' barack obama shows his funny side "" &gt;&gt; URL !!" 
obama obama's speech was pretty awesome last night! URL 
obama "reading ""bill clinton fail - obama win?"" URL 
obama obama more popular than u.s. among arabs: survey: president barack obama's popularity in leading arab countries .. URL 
obama obama's got jokes!! haha just got to watch a bit of his after dinner speech from last night... i'm in love with mr. president ;) 
lebron is it me or is this the best the playoffs have been in years oh yea lebron and melo in the finals 
lebron "AT_USER no, lebron is the best" 
lebron AT_USER lebron is cool. i like his personality...he has good character. 
lebron watching lebron highlights. damn that niggas good 
lebron AT_USER lebron is murdering shit. 
lebron AT_USER lebron is a monsta and he is only 24. smh the world ain't ready. 
lebron AT_USER when lebron is done in the nba he will probably be greater than kobe. like u said kobe is good but there alot of 'good' players. 
lebron kobe is good bt lebron has my vote 
world cup "AT_USER world cup 2010 access?? damn, that's a good look!" 
world cup 2010 just bought my tickets for the 2010 fifa world cup in south africa. its going to be a great summer. URL 
indian election "the great indian tamasha truly will unfold from may 16, the result day for indian general election." 
kindle2 "AT_USER i have the kindle2. i've seen pictures of the dx, but haven't seen it in person. i love my kindle - i'm on it everyday." 
kindle2 AT_USER such an awesome idea - the continual learning program with a kindle2 URL 
40d "AT_USER ooooh, what model are you getting??? i have the 40d and love love love love it!" 
india election the times of india: the wonder that is india's election. URL 
google URL good video from google on using search options. 
stanford stanford charity fashion show a top draw URL 
stanford stanford university?s facebook profile is one of the most popular official university pages - URL 
lyx lyx is cool. 
danny gokey sooo dissapointed they sent danny gokey home... you still rock ...danny ... my hometown hero !! yeah milrockee!! 
danny gokey "rt AT_USER 'american idol' fashion: adam lambert tones down, danny gokey cute ... URL 
danny gokey AT_USER i love you danny gokey!! :) 
san francisco with my best girl for a few more hours in san francisco. mmmmmfamily is wonderful! 
star trek went to see the star trek movie last night. very satisfying. 
star trek "i can't wait, going to see star trek tonight!!" 
star trek star trek was as good as everyone said!! 
malcolm gladwell am loving new malcolm gladwell book - outliers 
malcolm gladwell i highly recommend malcolm gladwell's 'the tipping point.' my next audiobook will probably be one of his as well. 
malcolm gladwell rt AT_USER URL great article by malcolm gladwell. 
malcolm gladwell i seriously underestimated malcolm gladwell. i want to meet this dude. 
wolfram alpha i'm really loving the new search site wolfram/alpha. makes google seem so ... quaint. URL 
nike off to the nike factory!!! 
nike new nike muppet commercials are pretty cute. why do we live together again? 
shoreline amphitheatre AT_USER URL - awesome!!! seeing the show friday at the shoreline amphitheatre. never seen nin before. can't wait. ... 
50d "AT_USER hey bud :) np i do so love my 50d, although i'd love a 5d mkii more" 
50d AT_USER AT_USER just got us a 50d for the office. :d 
50d just picked up my new canon 50d...it's beautiful!! prepare for some seriously awesome photography! 
50d just got my new toy. canon 50d. love love love it! 
lambda calculus learning about lambda calculus :) 
east palo alto i'm moving to east palo alto! 
stanford @ atebits i just finished watching your stanford iphone class session. i really appreciate it. you rock! 
stanford AT_USER hi! just saw your stanford talk and really liked your advice. just saying hi from singapore (yes the videos do get around) 
lakers lakers tonight let's go!!!! 
lakers will the lakers kick the nuggets ass tonight? 
insects prettiest insects ever - pink katydids: URL 
mcdonalds just had mcdonalds for dinner. :d it was goooood. big mac meal. ;) 
mcdonalds ahh yes lol ima tell my hubby to go get me sum mcdonalds =] 
mcdonalds stopped to have lunch at mcdonalds. chicken nuggetssss! :) yummmmmy. 
mcdonalds could go for a lot of mcdonalds. i mean a lot. 
exam my exam went good. AT_USER your prayers worked (: 
exam "only one exam left, and i am so happy for it :d" 
mashable absolutely hilarious!!! from AT_USER URL 
mashable AT_USER i never did thank you for including me in your top 100 twitter authors! you rock! (&amp; i new wave :-d) URL 
jquery book rt AT_USER awesome jquery reference book for coda! URL webdesign 
goodby silverstein i've been sending e-mails like crazy today to my contacts...does anyone have a contact at goodby silverstein...i'd love to speak to them 
goodby silverstein "goodby, silverstein's new site... URL i enjoy it." 
g2 wow everyone at the google i/o conference got free g2's with a month of unlimited service 
g2 AT_USER dood i got a free google android phone at the i/o conference. the g2! 
g2 "AT_USER the g2 is amazing btw, a huge improvement over the g1" 
googleio "html 5 demos! lots of great stuff to come! yes, i'm excited. :) URL io2009 googleio" 
googleio AT_USER URL - yay! happy place! place place! i love google! 
googleio googleio | o3d - bringing 3d graphics to the browser. very nice tbh. funfun. 
viral marketing "awesome viral marketing for ""funny people"" URL 
night at the museum""" night at the museum 2? pretty furkin good. 
night at the museum""" watching night at the museum - giggling. 
night at the museum""" just watched night at the museum 2! so stinkin cute! 
night at the museum""" "so, night at the museum 2 was awesome! much better than part 1. next weekend we'll see up." 
night at the museum""" saw the new night at the museum and i loved it. next is to go see up in 3d 
yankees yankees won mets lost. its a good day. 
dentist my dentist appt today was actually quite enjoyable. 
safeway just applied at safeway!(: yeeeee! 
nike nike rocks. i'm super grateful for what i've done with them :) &amp; the european division of nike is beyond! AT_USER AT_USER 
nike AT_USER have you tried nike ? v. addictive. 
nike the nike training club (beta) iphone app looks very interesting. 
jquery "i'm ready to drop the pretenses, i am forever in love with jquery, and i want to marry it. sorry ladies, this nerd is jquery.spokenfor.js" 
warren buffet "super investors: a great weekend read here from warren buffet. oldie, but a goodie. URL 
warren buffet "reading michael palin book, the python years...great book. i also recommend warren buffet &amp; nelson mandela's bio" 
notre dame school "i mean, i'm down with notre dame if i have to. it's a good school, i'd be closer to dan, i'd enjoy it." 
federer i'd say some sports writers are idiots for saying roger federer is one of the best ever in tennis. roger federer is the best ever in tennis 
kindle2 i love my kindle2. no more stacks of books to trip over on the way to the loo. 
wave sandbox got my wave sandbox invite! extra excited! too bad i have class now... but i'll play with it soon enough! io2009 wave 
kindle2 "AT_USER thanks so much!!! ...from one of your *very* happy kindle2 winners ; ) i was so surprised, fabulous. thank you! best, kathleen" 
kindle2 AT_USER i have a kindle2 (&amp; sony prs-500). like it! physical device feels good. font is nice. pg turns are snappy enuf. ui a little klunky. 
kindle2 "the kindle2 seems the best ereader, but will it work in the uk and where can i get one?" 
google "i have a google addiction. thank you for pointing that out, AT_USER hahaha." 
bobby flay excited about seeing bobby flay and guy fieri tomorrow at the great american food &amp; music fest! 
bobby flay gonna go see bobby flay 2moro at shoreline. eat and drink. gonna be good. 
bobby flay can't wait for the great american food and music festival at shoreline tomorrow. mmm...katz pastrami and bobby flay. yes please. 
bobby flay "my dad was in ny for a day, we ate at mesa grill last night and met bobby flay. so much fun, except i completely lost my voice today." 
bobby flay getting ready to test out some burger receipes this weekend. bobby flay has some great receipes to try. thanks bobby. 
bobby flay i lam so in love with bobby flay... he is my favorite. rt AT_USER AT_USER you need a place in phoenix. we have great peppers here! 
latex using linux and loving it - so much nicer than windows... looking forward to using the wysiwyg latex editor! 
latex "after using latex a lot, any other typeset mathematics just looks hideous." 
latex ahhh... back in a *real* text editing environment. i &lt;3 latex. 
