AT_USER idc. i just want news about the missing plane!! 
sheikh rashid 
quote fact URL 
AT_USER is that it. 
all of us shape the world but none of us is the world. on the other hand everyone of us is alone in his battle against the world! 
ukraine russia europianunion usa seem to take world to war foe oil.so start cycling to make world, war free fakingnews 
sikka chandi da aur sachin sone da : sachin unveils silver coins with his face name and signature embossed URL 
now a silvercoin for sachin sachinforever cricket 
a silver coin for each test run scored,needs all of world silver reserves that's why these15921 are special sachin URL 
rt AT_USER homofascists joining allies pro abortion activists to oppose religious freedom. sosurprised URL 
**genuine tweet** before twitter, i had no idea so many kids go missing from their homes. 
i can see someone is desperatly trying to change his image here...no english & baby/cute talk. ofc he's still showing his true self 
AT_USER sachin tendulkar's magic 1998 against australia began today, with 155 in the chennai test | URL sachin 
lol hatake takes the father of the year award! helix 
sen mccain just told AT_USER on msnbc : russia action in crimea means america should rethink deal w/ iran. shocking 
“AT_USER arsenal midfielder jack wilshere ruled out for 6 weeks with hairline fracture in left foot ssn” bloody marvellous 
man loses 56 pounds after eating only mcdonald's for 6 months URL AT_USER eating proper portions works? 
since when is it possible to dm someone who doesn't follow you? :o 
it is all about the health food tonight. 
sachin like cricket cover drive tutorial watch URL 
sachin launches special silver coins embossed with his name and face in mumbai tendulkar sachinforever cricket - URL 
omg that news is sooo 2008. thanks for telling me. 
wait sanchez is bleeding? surely you jest. ufc171 
got home and everyone is asleep... turntup 
AT_USER ... and with the remaining $14b bought alternatives, which are mostly leveraged equities 
girl in the next car needs an applause for her "amazing" driving! 😡😡😡 
AT_USER : i didn't know ey ☺ ,night♥ 
in case of fire exit building before tweeting about it funny sarcastic dry senseofhumor senseofhumour URL 
URL meme 
i love coming home and discovering that mom is gone yet her phone is here. 
i wonder if we can ask them to turn up the heat in these rooms? iacs14 immelting 
drama in my life, i have one cavity and need a night guard. i know devastating i am not sure how will i cope. adultdrama 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER because mario kart is a zero-sum game, just like life. 
i'm giving up for lent. AT_USER care to join? 
: a perfect way to insult idiots without them knowing 
teacher: your annual exams are next month and you should take off and watch final me:omg thankyou okay thanks. asiacup2014 final 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER a soccer cleat witb some ankle support? makes no sense lol 
AT_USER 'trying to think last time i was part of a "this lot" type of group,' a ? 
i think i've heard the name lebron james close to 1,000,000 times today 
is it friday today??? 
nothing much but world is more or less a place. 
right ??!! lol .... practice non-violence!! URL 
i love when people brush me so much jk itis 
AT_USER oh, the nsa knows that!!! 
AT_USER heathen. 
no ones wcw. shocker.😂 
AT_USER joke 
bc this is normal 
AT_USER oh geeesh thats all you need .... maybe you should stay out there till the weather breaks.... just a thought... hehehe 
rt AT_USER wild day of trading for $nuan. and $hlf is up too. maybe icahn is merging nuance and herbalife? 
silly drunk kids, it's not actually st. paddy's donthurtme 
URL read AT_USER blog, otherwise you are missing a lot of valuable info! i am shocked about this story. 
AT_USER it's fleury's fault the flyers had a 3-on-1!!! 
AT_USER AT_USER 
no class. thanks for the email, tho. 
sotrue no one needs to see this, so i'll stick to URL 
just realized that i got a new phone which means i can't play flappy bird ever again! what am i gonna do?! 
AT_USER oh dear kristenbellishot 
 the redsquirrel report: reid sagehorn update: school vice-superintendent is a former turkish prison guard URL 
the hardest question on this application is what fictional character would i be ireallydontknow 
AT_USER approximately 60% of full-time college students drink alcohol regularly." very surprised 
hockey ging weer fantastisch 
that moment when every tweet on your tl is retweet 
AT_USER cuz y would dat be to me?lol 
watch the most superskills warlock players @ URL hearthstoneesports bestesport 
asking price by habs was too high!!! nosurprise rt AT_USER rene bourque won't be traded. 
rt AT_USER getting my belly button pierced...oh wait i need money for that needtosave summer 💶👍👌 
selfie game is strong with this one. ghost bestmusicalever 
hey, let's blow msu a little more america! 
so is the plane still missing? i pretended i had a life today so i'm out of the loop. 
silence is the best way in facing some problems...i guess...instead of addingfueltofire 
i can now check "using a co-ed bathroom with AT_USER "off my bucket list!!! lol aha coedbathroom europe awkward 
rt AT_USER AT_USER definitely not seattle...i've never seen a picture of pikes place or the gum wall. 
i love eunhae but i love borgma more. so need to go now and study. bye! 
AT_USER meon is still here? 
AT_USER i've been a fan more than 4 years. 
AT_USER i forgot to add don't want people thinking that was a legit suggestion. 
breaking: green bay new lutheran to petition for a multiplier for randolph and thorp. 
AT_USER lol i like long things. x) haha 
i remember the time AT_USER had his music that loud kyme couldn't hear a video he was watching hahahahahahhaha AT_USER 
 tweet 
wouldn't wanna wake the princess. 
obama, madison, obama, madison - who should i believe? URL 
 subtweet rt AT_USER vegetarians 
AT_USER AT_USER sana mag 26+ days naman sa susunod. maybe 27 days?? 
AT_USER u aren't! *shakes head* 
new quote : quote ✌️ by bethfaceeee URL 
i'm not always sarcastic ,sometimes i'm asleep! 
iowa's biggest win of the night is when mccabe took down someone half his size who didn't fight back impressive 
can't wait for all the chris foy in a villa/liverpool/man city shirt pics. 
 AT_USER shows video of military vehicles being hit by ieds. can you believe they are paid so much? cut their pay, way overpaid. 
AT_USER ah, college and career ready. haven't you been paying attention? 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER bronny is the best!!! it's never his fault guys! 
so if AT_USER didn't tweet about her detroit concert did it even happen? haha ❤️❤️ 
rt AT_USER oh but look, the guy next to me just got up and now i can look out the window. beingpositive njtransit URL 
AT_USER 
sutter looks amused. 
AT_USER AT_USER haha very funny 
goosebumps had some grade a acting in em 
rt AT_USER jgh. 🏡 worth the wait yung star gazing. 🌟 grabe! 👏 
AT_USER 
just bought my first ever can of hairspray. made it 30 years before becoming a normal, functioning adult woman. accordingtocosmo 
i also would have done the roadblock in my undies so i wouldn't lose any sequins good decision AT_USER 
there is only one day a year that i'm actually not . feb. 30th. 
screw all these artsy types, time to recognize the real heroes: engineers, programmers and technicians. oscars2014 stem 
beautiful weather for bar hopping in the heights. thanks nature... itsraining 
sachin tendulkar: "my speech won't be longer than 4 minutes since, yeh t20 ka zamaana hai." (this is the age of t20) 
“AT_USER 3-0 flames” so mutch fun to see the senators play. 
AT_USER AT_USER my favorite thing is when they have contests and the prize is the 'opportunity' to facetime hateem 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER 
AT_USER because la is hockey town, remember? 
i'll try to tweet back to all of you. my interactions stay blown up... you can understand how hard is is for me... . 
i make my voice go higher to sound more nice i guess? 
rt AT_USER jose mourinho says chelsea can't win all d 9games remaining in epl...... 
i think for lent i'm gonna give up being such a ladies man and be done with trifling hoes foreveralone 😳 haha 
i finally got 5 on flappy bird!!! yeah! i am the master!!! hahaha 
my greatest fear is dying before i realize why it's so blessed hard to open and close the blinds... 
rollyourr's 
AT_USER AT_USER - well...didn't see that coming did we... 
now watching sachin and sourav play in sharjah is something everyone is going to miss this ipl 
//my favorite kind of table... 
 
AT_USER u dittchhhed him . 
i didn't go to the guitar center event because grandmaster jay wasn't gonna be there 
then they sang along with shim el yasmine irony 
yup this is me !!! URL 
yg also giving out merch to fans to cheer for 2ne1... php 9k for aon concert is very cheap so yg will pay me this may 17 
.AT_USER AT_USER is so insightful! 
can't wait for nufc on motd tonight........... 
oh yay i just undid my hair tie and my hair is all big and mess and curly love it so much! 
rt AT_USER AT_USER sounds like you had a real keeper on your hands ... 
AT_USER don't forget the monster made of (or wearing? ) stillborn babies! oh, countdown was just the best 
rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i can't work out what the "c" in mvc stands for. i'm sure ben knows though. [] 
i don't know about you, but i feel much safer knowing the obama administration is in charge of national defense. 
rt AT_USER breaking: teams outside milwaukee petition wiaa to remove milwaukee schools from membership. fourtitles 
duck face,cause everyone looks hot with a duck face selfie bored nothingtodo gettingobsessedwithselfies URL 
thats nice. wtf really nvrknewthat iwannaknowher 
awake at the time again. 3rd day in a row. gonna be a long day great 
rt AT_USER is instagram deleting accounts ? i think i saw something about it 😳 
AT_USER AT_USER thanks for telling me. i'll just go ahead and put in a 100. 
AT_USER the show's canceled. did no one tell you yet? () 
AT_USER when i went outside today i did have the thought: "well at least it's not dry and cold out." noreally 
AT_USER i haven’t seen anything 
quite the honor... mt “AT_USER i'm filling in for phyllis schlafly on eagle forum live from 11-12... 
AT_USER i fear i should have tagged it with 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i only miss cort... 
AT_USER who the hell is nikki bella?? oh wait wait yeah i think i know heheh 
AT_USER it's not yo 
if this doesn't make your day better idk what will.. ihatethis URL 
since flappybird is gone someone decided to make a new game called floppywings ... they get an a+ for originality... 
dear cool kids next to me in film class.......i wanna be cool like y'all canibepartofyourclub 
AT_USER AT_USER yes sir; i definitely know better. 
rt AT_USER AT_USER how are you? you've been so quiet lately. 
shoot. better not tweet about my life anymore. may be "pushing my religion down someone's throat" since i party so much nowadays. 
for once my midterm grades are solid!!! going4a4.0! 
AT_USER 
AT_USER oh yeah defending hindutva & bjp takes a lot of smarts indeed. not being AT_USER 
rt AT_USER AT_USER the weather has nothing to do with delays today. its all on the transit system... 
cristiano ronaldo scored a hattrick as real madrid beat malaga 1-0. 
“AT_USER URL and this obviously was made clear with his last debate... 
well that explains a ton pll 
a signature in silver - sachin unveils collector edition of silver coins - view gallery: URL 
AT_USER no. not a "dc" public service employee. that would be out of character. 
i remembered.....but then i forgot to remember.....ummmm....who are you? idontfuckingcare 
AT_USER no i'm wearing a hoodie and socks i'm freezing so i laid in the sun seriously 
let's see if i can get these papers done today.. because when i get a break from school.. i want more school stuff to do 
probably both! bitch URL 
this picture does not need a description ! sachin tendulkar sachintendulkar URL 
photo: rt virgomemoirs it’s what i do! URL 
getting my impressions for braces today, sure can't wait to get these things on 
i gotta be honest here, jl knows how to lose URL 
funny...i didn't do the "save my ig" thing last night and my instagram wasn't deleted. who would have thought. 
i wonder what the jetman tribute will look like! 
downtown seems really busy today. anyone know what's going on? big10 b1g URL 
g 
laters. imma wash my uniforms, moms not here to take care of me thats why :'( ohwell. its fun being independent for 1week :d hehe 
and i'm not an asshole atitsfinest 
oh there was a basketball game tonight? . i really didn't watch tho. 
AT_USER 
AT_USER 
rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i mean different views than the other countries. 
AT_USER cricketer of the generation to be announced tomorrow in mumbai. sachin kallis warne still in the contest. AT_USER 
pt rando on twitter knows me & my family better than i do! i gotta start paying more attention during family reunions damnit 
phheeewwwww that was a close game!! walvsco 51-3 
louis needs to show me how he teleports from place to place & manages to promote and watch all these shows at the same time wow 
make excuses 
i lovveee being ignored... 
all r worldclass umpires., wid their favourite player being sachin tendulkar... who is ur favourite... URL 
love going to sleep mad. 
no, you are no different, everyone seeks attention in this competitive world 
rt AT_USER new tendulkar silver coins to be launched on mar 14 URL sachin 
for my indian friends, by way of explanation, brian o'driscoll is our sachin thirteen 
new tendulkar silver coins to be launched on mar 14 URL sachin 
AT_USER detected 
AT_USER 
AT_USER that will look great on your cv. 
 my language 
if all fails get a psychic's opinion, maybe theresa caputo's can communicate with the passengers on where the malaysian airline is!sarcasm 
at least asidliwanga u 6-0 () bunchofuselesslosers 
AT_USER 
y'all knew boosie out of jail? 
AT_USER 
sb2014 whoscoming turnup turndownforwhat URL 
i'm willing to bet bess won't be winning the walton peyton award this year..... 
photo...bomb URL my most-viewed post from twin dad talks...it bears repeating photos twins humor parenting 
did they mention puerto rico is in garcia's blood? the puerto rican boricua garcia? anyone know? lol garciaherrera boxing boxeo 
mainstream girls on my fb wall, discussing what violent videogames they play to relax. should i tell them that girls don't game? 
nah .. im playing hops scotch in the lobby work 
every time a woman leaves off something she looks better, but every time a man leaves off something he looks worse. 
what is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself." - abraham maslow” quote dubai queen sachin uae 
jana sena!! jus because your movies don't go well!! politics is tougher than that bro! maintain ur family legacy!! 
i wonder why hemsky does not look shocked? sens habs oilers 
didnt know i was in a relationship with her too . 
AT_USER can you tell it's riveting? * he asked with heavy * 
the media is really good at providing accurate scientific information about nutrition and diet to the general public 
i still remember when new kpop fans be like "g-dragon is mine" and i'm like oh idk you can buy them. 
social life is buzzing 
AT_USER if only we still journalism... 
“in dutch media the cult of the one doesn’t apply if you belong to another country.” startups URL 
can you explain to me the difference between a blue coconut slushy and ocean water? 💁 AT_USER seriously 
AT_USER but it's start-up vc silicon valley, peer-to-peer and mobile app! totally different 
emami, navratna hair oil, zandu balm which would have a direct connect with people. marketing events during election campaigns! 
sachin tendulkar urges cricket fans to back ms dhoni's team india in crisis read here : URL … … URL 
tendulkar - cricketer of the generation sachin cricket URL 
sachin tendulkar 15921 test runs at ave 53.78 - in won 5946 at 61.93, in lost 4088 at 37.16, in drawn 5887 at 65.41. legend 
some sweet ass wyoming graffiti. URL 
these roundabout commercials are the most interesting commercials i've ever seen 
AT_USER you enjoying your favorite weekend of the year? stpattysday 
it was always going to be him, isn't it ? sachin cricinfoawards 
so, metals class was just riveting today... metalspun 
late start on tomorrow’s sunday school lesson - the law in redemptive history. … thank goodness that’s not a debatable subject. 
this is sooo optimistic.. URL 
AT_USER he's such a good tutor 
white as fuck dude dancing to candy shop by 50 cent. stealing his incredible dance moves. 
decisions decisions: online wedding dress browsing or writing a philosophy paper... 👗 
wow you've changed so much 
better go stock up on milk and bread and eggs and sewing material and cat food etc. since an impending snowpocalypse is on its way 
the 1 rule in enclosed public spaces, like the aquarium, is to move from the periphery into the flow of traffic & suddenly stop! 
AT_USER notalking callback 
we obviously needed a whole charter bus to pick up 10 players at the airport. packedbus 
.AT_USER cpac2014 updates are essential for anyone not at cpac. he tweets pics of the most important things. murica 
i fully expect the emmanuel sanders story to change again in 20 minutes. he will be headed to the raiders next. 
i have lost touch with local soccer piratesvschiefs wonderwhy? 
its 39°f. about to be wearing shorts and a t-shirt in this heat wave. 
rt AT_USER “in dutch media the cult of the one doesn’t apply if you belong to another country.” startups URL 
AT_USER yeah.. my namesake raul scored "only" 323 goals in 711 matches at madrid but he was never a symbol right? 
we weren't busy at all guys stpattysday serverlife URL 
when u have so many plans and u just dont know which to pick from 
sachin tendulkar cricinfoawards URL 
AT_USER is that a new show? 
foto: the-living-undead: URL 
new tendulkar silver coins to be launched on mar 14 URL sachin 
