love truth truehappiness honesty perfection perfectrelationship myman amazing… URL 
thanks for tagging my window last night. this really ties the building together. URL 
my parents are oh so supportive of me and my whole baking career. 
just perfect 👌 pinkyswear 
just saw dallas buyers club, yup they definitely deserved their oscars. 
just bombed the mid term, great start to a spring break 😒 
this is a really great saturday night 
i really do love all the quality my family spends together. 
i look suppa hot in my lt skinny whatischub 
no one is as perfect 
i just love doing 20 mph on a 30 road 👏 
living life in the fast lane...lol 😒 
looved 1983 .too good for a mallu movie!! tribute to sachin !😍 
love getting told how massive i am on a daily basis 
so stoked to play monopoly tonight 
but thank god i got to go home to a crazy kid throwing eggs at the walls 
nice to see ianduncansmith had lackeys drive him around the back of the jobcentre to avoid bath protesters. what a guy. 
can't wait to see you one of these days :)))))) 
well... my school tutor talked to my parents and now they know i cut... fuck... this is being an amazing weekend so far 
so thrilled for 100% chance of heavy rain all day tomorrow. 
i like the way these tradies got drunk then decided to catch the train at 5pm friday afternoon. stayinschoolkids 
so russian flags storm a gov. building in the ukraine. that's just great. bravoprezobama 
another sounders game televised...yay 
AT_USER thank you so much i really live for your approval and nothing else 
this month dah 3 kali pekena sizzling at steak hut. all by myself. best giler! i really love the solitude itstrue medium 
hfx gas prices drop $0.007 tonight from $1.387/l to $1.38/l. today i save 25 cents on a 35l fill up compared to yesterday. yippee 
oh! i know quick-sort i should get hired! india c c++ 
chemistry is fun 
wow i won free prizes on snapchat! thanks! 
great start to spring break.... 
what a great ending to the season. 
damn what a awesome day so far..😒 overit 
AT_USER lmfao ur so funny justawkwardlytimedsincerety 
awesome coming back to this cold weather. disney vacation suckitup 
knowing your family is there for you is the best feeling 
no i wasn't sleeping or anything it's cool! 
73 followers - woohoo 
AT_USER i appreciate that classact newfan 
not your typical love story ;) divergent movie URL 
AT_USER ah the beauty of the modern game 
so what does the jailing of carson yeung mean for birmingham? good to see the fit and proper tests are efficient 
most exciting saturday night ever 
AT_USER chocolate & cocktails = better combination... steaks over rated... i'm a vegetarian... alloftheabovearelies 
i love having to fix bad code (with no comments) in our software from developers that have been gone for 4+ years 
3 hours of sleep hooraaay 
had entirely too much fun cleaning ice off of my truck this morning 
is feeling a ray of sunshine today 
what an idea night this is 
thankful for the challenges of cmy201 reallife 
i do live this course sometimes 
rt AT_USER new tendulkar silver coins to be launched on mar 14 URL sachin 
bye, stupid unfair world. i love youu 
i'm what you call a heavy drinker. i can finish three large glasses of water everyday. 
wowwwww today was soooo greaaaaaat 
jalc bound today. woohoo drafting lol. 
well i'm in a great mood this morning 
omfg you sound so dem sincere emsoproidofu ./. 
AT_USER so glad to see the run and gun office is working as d'antoni planned out score them and no defense 
almost as excited for this walk as da pup is srsly 
exciting life i lead 
verizon videos all day again. yay! 
i'm so glad my 1,000th tweet was so uplifting! 😑 1000tweets 
love that my phone is deleting my contacts and sending messages all by itself... i feel so lucky. 
i think they sort of throw off the natural timing ironic irony vine lol comedy URL 
yes:p "AT_USER look.. can u??? "mz_dolz: liar liar! "AT_USER "AT_USER cc your friend that can't even boil wate 
love it when all your colleagues help you 
and my laptop would break with just over a month left of school..... awesome 
AT_USER AT_USER sachin sachin#sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin sachin 
i love being the middle child 
well another great day at work and can't wait to do it all again tomorrow!! 
i have amazing friends! 
absolutely love driving 6 hours round trip to nashville today for a 3 1/2 hour meeting. 
i love getting up at 530!! 
AT_USER isn't social media wonderful 
good lord i love circuits 😍 nerd 
studying about fission v. fusion... sooo much fun 
finding that out just made my night 
my favorite thing about mobas is how if you act like a normal human being everyone gets weird about it. 
come on sexton keep this excellent kicking up pal 
🌟🌟🌟the more you know 🌟🌟🌟 illstillhashtagtho hashtag teaching learning funny comedy… URL 
rt AT_USER find it amusing when those in the comment section have all the answers! how has orillia survived so long w/out such br… 
AT_USER youreagirl gasp shockingrevelation thankyou iloveyoutoo antseverywhere toosweet hashtag 
i can tell today will be great... 😒 
definitely got my life on track 
woke up to a text from my mom telling me what chores to do today 😍 she's the best. 
god i sure do love paying "only" $170 for a replacement phone..thanks insurance... -__- fuckyouverizon fuckyouiphone fml 
AT_USER i enjoy your comments on the collisions and interactions with your fellow humans. 
rt AT_USER way to keep it classy👌😂 
it's a good thing i love being busy!! nonstopallday 
you know it's gonna be a good game when miller is scratched and about to be traded. 👋bye 
rt AT_USER i love doing budgets on excel. oh so fun... this cell plus this cell equals this month... 
i'm so glad there was a party last night though 
pf in both feet yessssss 
AT_USER aw really? i did not know that wowo new discovery guys bring out the historians 
boy volquez is looking sharp today…. 
it was sooooo difficult to get out of bed this morning. on that note, yay for dst! ferrealz ilovedst springiscoming! 
i'm that guy that really enjoys long car rides, i'm having so much fun!! maybehalfsarcasm colatonola 
thank you firealarm for wakin me up from my midclass daze, i really needed the jump start to continue my day actuallythankful 
well that was great conversation to have before work...😒😒 ...i hope these 8 hrs go quick 
i had loads of fun hanging out alone tonight 
today has been such a good day 
thanks for the warning of 3 hours for the picture school. 
awesome right? 
can't wait to leave at 3 am to go to florida with my mavs for my first spring training! 💙⚾️ 
everything's going my way 
haha being replaced is awesome 
i love seeing old, abandoned warehouses on the outskirts of newark 
find it amusing when those in the comment section have all the answers! how has orillia survived so long w/out such brilliance 
great now i get to sleep for 4 hours whee!! 
“AT_USER i luv hanging out with 40-year-olds. ” 
the health hazards of dating - pls rt if u dig what we dish! URL dating health indiedick 
can't wait for my whopping $47 in taxes 
3 hours of sleep is cool i guess. 
writing a 4-6min speech about hair should be fun! 💇💋 
man i surely do like customer service!!!! 
everything is wonderful 
my friends are awesome! i totally get to chill alone tonight! whoot whoot! 
can't wait to see all these pictures 
however i'm excited for yet another round of always gracious humility and sportsmanship from u of m fans haha 
AT_USER awesome 
AT_USER sachin deserves it.. and he is leading huge. hope, warne & kallies themselves voted for sachin :o) god bless!!! him 
great saturday night watching frozen and eating food w the kids i babysit 
really glad gm was bailed out. seems like a standup company. thanksbarack 
so happy to go to school this morning see my happy face :( 
great way to start my morning😒 
because adore is the album to listen to when your mom died...how funny is that? , i know...that´s how i deal with things,you know? 
rt AT_USER hey it's snowing outside, never saw that coming roc 
love being trusted. 
everyone's talking about their adventures in tropical lands and i'm just excited about grocery shopping with my mom foodfordays 
AT_USER holi without colors is like cricket without sachin fantasticfriday 
bravo, malaysian government, you're doing such a great job at the moment. truly inspiring stuff... evil URL 
thank you friend cuz you translate my tweet to them..urgh! 
because king of the hill is so funny. 
this week just keeps getting better and better. good thing tomorrow is friday! needabreak 
music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or thing. 
republicans are amazing! supportingputin bashingobama 
the fun part is being ignored... 
AT_USER oh its like all the stars have aligned 
wait i have a newfound love for history 
oh i really love physics 
thank you for seeing me this way i'm really touch 
i like that thing you do where you stop texting me back. 
oh look he's wearing plaid now, must be dissing western culture nohate love 
this week just keeps getting better! inspired 
AT_USER hard hitting stuff there. keep up the good work 
i love communication 
AT_USER speak for yourself, i loved chaining 6 devotion auras so our healers could do something nerfpaladins 
sooooo much love and motivation in this house ineedtomoveout soon realsoon now 
i just love when the forecast high and the forecast low are the exact same temperature. 
didn't have a copay at the er thanksobama becauseitsagoodthing 
dubstep is really chill notajoke chill soothing 
hahahahhahhaha total pj! jokes humour jokes burn superburn comedy… URL 
the shocking news of today: kyle busch won the nationwide race. lol 
when people don't reply>>> itsthebest 😒 
my day just keeps getting better 😒 
going to a huge electronic music concert tonight for work... yay. 
this is gonna be the best spring break evr, all i get to do is work and deal with this mich weather 👏👏 lifeisgreat motherfucker 
ambulance, hospital, er. these past 3 days of spring break have been a blast springbreak2014 turndown4what 
when someone says "expect the unexpected" slap them really hard and say "didn't expect that did you?" be 
working on the funnest thing in the world this morning! care to guess what it is? 
caron taking eriksson's place. news just keeps getting better. 
the darn afl season has started. can’t wait to hear all about every game on the news and hear everyone talk about it. notafan 
oh yeah the pass looks golden! shoot divergentseattle URL 
i have so much to look forward to these next couple monthsssss 
god in silver coin with his signature sachin 
when you're lucky enough to be delayed in the e concourse, there is only one place to go. … URL 
nice choice on aac poy guys. l1c4 thecardinalsway 
i'm really happy i decided to pick this weekend to hermit :d hatestpatricksday scottishpride 
juuuuust looove this soo much 
rt AT_USER 2ne1 made it to 61 in billboard 200 because yg gave us peasants his cc number...thank yg :)))) 
sorry. i forgot the tag on that last post. singing voice. lol i sound like a cracked out courtney love on a good day. 
yay. work today!!! 
keep shooting lenzelle. shot looking good today. 
rt AT_USER i had no idea AT_USER had AT_USER this makes me so excited! it's gonna be a AT_USER night. nerdal… 
my poor work laptop is infect by a annoying virus. something called lync. thank goodness i have sametime. :) 
nice to see noah and all of his family have been cast as white americans & europeans... don't see enough of that in modern cinema. 
AT_USER i enjoy getting off stage and having someone say "but you're still beautiful." because that's what i work on the most 
AT_USER i am a good student, and i am going to get my assignments done. 
stars wars jokes never get old 
they need to make a movie with keanu reeves and nick cage. that is all. greatestactorsofourtime 
hoping to see syracuse get an early lead, and then hold the ball the rest of the game... 
that was a great way to wake up! 
2/5" "4/5" "3/5" here like uhh 0/5?? o3o joy 
you know when you saw an official they are famous. 
rt AT_USER well thanks for that... 
well, they are south of new york rt “AT_USER really glad to see a south jersey team beat st. anthony tonight. rosellecatholic ” 
mcm stephencolbert 😂 hilarious intelligent conceited ridiculous ~ love him ! URL 
have they released the line up for soundset yet? i haven't seen it on twitter yet cantwait 
AT_USER because when i think of diversity, i think of the AT_USER 
international students have the cuuuutest spelling huhuwhysocute 
i don't think it's said enough... weekends at work are just the best. 
i've been sitting around my house all day, i love being included in things 
good thing i'm blessed with a small chest 🙌 
rt AT_USER thanks asbury. thankyou really 
i looooooove the sound of a loud airplane flying over my house imweird 
AT_USER i'm glad u put so much effort into solving the biggest problem plaguing native americans 
AT_USER wow. this girl for AT_USER and AT_USER nice choice abbey! way to go!!! dancemoms hatinonabbey 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER vvisback sowetoderbyforpirates lol..guess goals scored by insideknowledge 
thanks AT_USER 
he is so much more attractive this way AT_USER blakeshelton ofcourse 😎 URL 
rt AT_USER AT_USER he is soooo cool! i wanna be just like him! getalifebeggs 
sachin's tweet 14th march14 AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL URL 
spending my saturday at the country club naturally ridethatbull AT_USER URL 
AT_USER AT_USER go again pat! i know you can shave 1 sec without a problem... yougotthis 
good thing i'm grounded this weekend...i can really get my studyin on 
wow AT_USER having a great couple days on twitter. and yes, i will be using AT_USER exclusively from now on. 
goodmood excusemyhashtags .... hashtag 
awesome day. 
i think i'm finally getting the hang of this thing we call writing papers. ireallythinkigotit 
 community bitchplease funny lol URL 
thanks, einstein...no, seriously...thanks. URL 
AT_USER gosh no, of course not, he's such a fantastic guy! crimea 
overjoyed to work in lawnandgarden tonight when i get to work! 
what a great way to make my friday night better. 
AT_USER AT_USER it was a good moment. he put a lot of thought into that one. 
rt AT_USER well, they are south of new york rt “AT_USER really glad to see a south jersey team beat st. anthony tonight. rosellecat… 
teen wolf is on tonight, thats a fantastic excuse to not write 6 paragraphs for lit 
AT_USER haha no but schools now have the choice thanks to our awesome government 
“AT_USER congratulations to AT_USER for being voted cricketer of the generation. you have truly inspired us.” legend sachin 
where's marleau? rt AT_USER AT_USER great dinner with the boys AT_USER jumbo biglittlejoe URL 
cheers france 👏 
AT_USER haha..changminie...really funny...-____- 
rt AT_USER math is fun! 
AT_USER most strategy of any sport 
no school again awesome 😒 
AT_USER AT_USER i like the way you turn this like everyone thinks youre friends ,i guess some dnt get it do they smart 
such a great day 
AT_USER the science of light is quite fascinating. 
AT_USER your tweets make me smarter loveya 
rt AT_USER most exciting saturday night ever 
good work, utah. 
this spring break was so much fun!!!! 
wow me and zach gotta lot of passion" -maranda ew tmi 
dravid & sachin will play for mcc against the rest of the world in the lord's bicentenary 50-over celebratory match on 5 july. yaay! 
getting 10 year series books for my birthday from my bro bestbroever baggingthemas straightastudent fuckyes 
awesome moment... <3 <3 two legends sharing single stage :) amithab bachchan and sir sachin,,#rarepic :) URL 
AT_USER wow that's amazing!!! 
AT_USER sigthórsson open for a move aswell. but hey, we might have bojan next season! 
AT_USER ohhh i gotcha :d twitter needs a font :) 
rt AT_USER on diz day sachin made his 100th international century... evergreen legend AT_USER 
sleepover with maddox tonight... yay 
AT_USER one of these is the best argentine talent in history. the other is lionel messi. URL 
AT_USER AT_USER nothing like a gracious winner well done lad 👍👍 
definitely the best thing ever said. gets me everytime URL 
AT_USER good thing i've gotten some text from you lately 😁 
i have to take wedding and event planning next week. i'm kind of ashamed that i'm a little excited…i just love planning things. 
wow. y'all are clutch. thanks friends. 
great start to the day! 
cricketer of the generation sachin URL 
this is such an excited time. 
me in my room. twitter and music eli in her room. taking a test eliana in the living room. on ipad we're having lots if fun!!! 
AT_USER this is nhl reffing at its best. 
rachel is a really good rollerblader. wipeout @ new glenwood park URL 
rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER he told ziva that tony's mom was the love of his life. guess he changed… 
omg my floor smells so good right now honestly 😊 
i love watching movies with AT_USER 
rewired the audio feed mid show, threw a kid into a wall, used tinfoil to fix a mic and still had a great show. ilovemyjob 
rt AT_USER this saturday has just been great!! 😒 
AT_USER AT_USER hey is AT_USER doing trade deadline coverage today? 
sitting in the back of my dads mustang because i totally fit... 
josephinian ka kung.... haha! this mene just made my day. © kaori. csj proud clearance… URL 
i'm guessing since 175,000 jobs were added in february that ue will be 6.5% with they way it has changed in the past. 
phew...it's finally cooling off a bit after the heat wave! minnesota cold URL 
well, thanks a lot!!!!!!! 
watched on ice and beyond about sidney crosby... he's been my idol sense 05' but man... i got a new respect for him, what a guy. 
rt AT_USER music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or thing. 
working when it's nice out is soo much fun 😑 
rt AT_USER so AT_USER really knows how to prepare for a bbq URL 
called it! habson690 
AT_USER . hope you're well. 
AT_USER on top form again today! jokers 
rt AT_USER AT_USER your music taste is waw 
wearing his shirt and using his shampoo. perks of sleeping over. AT_USER URL 
definitely! skinny bitch URL 
we love the rain. where's my tag. [pic] — URL 
there's no reason to think we're going to stop loving each other. and there's every reason to think that we won't." of course... 
being AT_USER - i get it! "well - wait how expensive it will get if one does not implement security! :-)” 
sure. i had nothing better to do today. " AT_USER c'mon, AT_USER we're going for a ride in the car. 
t&cs. i live for this shit. buzzing () 
AT_USER just what i wanted to see on a friday morning... :d you made my day anita.... 
rt AT_USER ben tate to the browns. good luck everyone has tons of success there. 
loving this rain in and around purcell ok. especially when hiking in it 
tgif takethat it's just in my blood fluent in and i'm on my confident mode for this… URL 
what a great service in lrt station?! 
the best part of fight videos is the hysterical girl screaming the the background. 
i am so looking forward to the voice tonight. i love it. 
i cannot believe i've got tickets to mccvrow at AT_USER yes i really have. warne gilchrist sachin dravid yuvraj vettori 
that was hilarious 
rt AT_USER AT_USER "do you boys play a lot? bc i can tell" bp loveher 
and it happens yet again! feelingloved 
mumbairecords wankhede वानखेडे stadium witnessed the historic last match AT_USER 's career. cricket sachin URL 
sachin tendulkar silver coin to b launched on march14 AT_USER ..kudos master!!! 
birds ready to fly..holiiii hai. holiparty holi male' maldives sachin pragya… URL 
martin crowe: "viv richards was the greatest batsman i played against and his footwork lasted 15 years. sachin's lasted a decade longer." 
rt AT_USER this is a really great saturday night 
sachin,the cricketer of the generation cricinfoawards AT_USER that batting lineup will always have a void. URL 
AT_USER great... 
AT_USER glad to see his finishing is already in-form. 
woopie... i'm so glad there's a chance that it might snow tomorrow when i "get" (have) to wear a dress to school. notexcited 
time to prolong my life by hitting the gym. core and legs day. this should be fun. 
sjoe dineo is in a good mood today! AT_USER 
getting soap notes done, like a boss! ;) massagetherapy massage @ michelle heinz, lmt URL 
rt AT_USER mt AT_USER thank you for all the support yesterday, great day. i'm playing the swiss no. 2 tonight, s… 
successful 12 hours at work. again tomorrow. happytweet 
omfg that was the best errands trip ever i feel so alive!!!! imseriouslypsychedrightnow 
this is second heart touchable speech after sachin from pawankalyan janasena janasena4change AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER 
man, i must be super famous with all these ppl finding pics of me from "a couple years ago." oh, the fame. URL 
who doesn't wanna go to york? 
look at that! it's friday and i'm home. yay! 
sachin tendulkar with latamangeshkar at krishnakunj rajthackerays house AT_USER AT_USER 
daaaamn, i feel the love! 
thanks 😘 
woohoo essay pippilongstockings URL 
what a beautiful day! now tomorrow snow is going to ruin it! :d 
yeeeppp my uncle loves me 😆😆 URL 
it's follow back friday... who wants a new follower?! btw, i'm verified so that means i'm kind of a big deal. :p ff 
gonna work real hard for this!! :) iamserious interior furniture pastel plate spoon fork knife 
AT_USER i was laying on my couch sick as fuck when i read this, and i walked up 20 fucking steps to show my girlfriend. 
AT_USER your retweets make my twitter feed a better space to be in--thank you for that public service sir youwinatretweeting 
in the nxt 2 days im playing to games nd reffing 3 games 
this nigga deserves a reward for how cool he is. 
rt AT_USER not your typical love story ;) divergent movie URL 
all those beads you're wearing that you earned at the beach really make you look attractive 
cricket will have to find a new sultan ..... i salute sachin tendulkar who changed the course of cricket URL 
AT_USER another one of those songs huh? perfect 
when a device become smart,do you still need you're brain?why don't you just pawn it for some galaxy or iphone?^_^ smartcar 
sachin tendulkar wins the cricketer of the generation award cricinfoawards URL 
i don't always tweet, but when i do, it's in 8 month intervals. twitteraddict blatant 
i love running with a passion... 
i sneezed in my car on the way home and i blessed myself. thanks mom, dad, and brother. 
dont you just love it when your cat decides to sleep on your face when you're trying to sleep yourself? oh i just love that! 
AT_USER haha 😂😂 i am so...beautiful ✌ my irish ❤❤ 
AT_USER he is joking bro, check the tag at the end. AT_USER AT_USER 
ummm i must say that's so me lol ijustdontcare cold beingme URL 
i use these emojis too much:😒😏 im a very person(; 
i think when guys send paragraphs to a girl when they know she's sleeping is adorable. 
AT_USER he is soooo cool! i wanna be just like him! getalifebeggs 
back pain is such a wonderful thing to have 24/7 
AT_USER were* and good for you man cause im not a dick 
stag til 7:30 tomo =)))) awesome 
i love my family 
it took so much time, energy, and money to find my nephew's birthday gift justgivinghimmyoldtoys 
really tho....roaches ants blacblaze nasty that's healthy lol URL 
AT_USER how interesting!! 
AT_USER love it .....seems like we hired jeff ireland... 
feeling loved 
this lohan show on the oprah channel is fascinating 
AT_USER congratulations ... soo happy for u .. much love to sachin and u swty 
AT_USER when and where you met god? sachin AT_USER 
lil boosie just got outta jail huh? hip hop is back baby!!! 
AT_USER till nw hardik , sachin , vishal n palak r my fav n em sure tmrw many more vl b added to diz list.. bachchagiri on fire 
AT_USER yeah obviously ... 28aa and proud ;) 
thanksmom 
having a nose bleed while feeding my baby= awesomeeee fml 
can't wait to see how these nationwide drivers kenseth, busch and harvick perform when they move up to the cup series. nascar 
oh good, my email was working! yay! 
“AT_USER great way to end my night. ” come up stairs 
enjoy the game and chase your dreams, dreams do come true sachin insparation 
AT_USER perfect - your new calling! 
my brother is aspiring to be a chef and he tries out his food on the family. it's really great itsactuallydelicious 
enjoyable lunch wherearethecarbs URL 
AT_USER i am so happy i follow you. pointlesstweetsarefun pointlessreply happiness onetoomanyhashtags 
surfing in 40° water is too much fun 
enjoy the game and chase your dreams, dreams do come true sachin insparation URL 
wow someone's in a good mood this morning as always! 
AT_USER yeah yeah...i get it....lol 
i love when fans come in to do things they could do over the phone or online because they want me, specifically, to help them. 
when i wake up i have this natural born attitude of i really don't care and it goes on throughout the day. me 
i love when the husband helps me with dinner. 
vanek has just been on fire for the habs! 
tribute to master-blaster sachin, 15921 silvercoins to be launched depicting specimen of sachin tendulkar URL 
tumblr quote quoteoftheday whatever teen life deep instalike instalikes instamood URL 
AT_USER i really love it when they do too 
i like the fact that i can never sleep. 👍 
it’ll be the day when they understand this funny URL 
i love taking cold showers right when i get up! 
AT_USER alone in a factory for a 12 hour shift listening to podcast and checking twitter, life is good 
new sachin tendulkar silver coins to be launched on mar 14 sachintendulkar sachin URL 
AT_USER they gotchu! the good ol american healthcare system is flawless 
AT_USER "ajagajaantara" comparing an elephant with sheep(fox) ;-) its like calling nikhil as modern day arun shourie 
AT_USER a client for over 30 years! your employees at the call centre are rude brutal i am so unhappy switchingbanks 
AT_USER i'm sure mls will do the right thing... 
glad to see you'r really trying too 
what a great saturday night 
AT_USER i'm so glad you woke me up for this conversation. oh wait, 
madrid derby has been quiet so far... 
this says it all :') sachin virat URL 
just great 
if all these people without jobs would stop looking the unemployment rate would drop! simplesolutions unemployment 
mmmm what a yummy lunch .... a poptart :-/ rva blah @ pocahontas state park URL 
ugh the seniors are so full of spirit i love it 💙 
my photo stream is just too beautiful ❤️ 
wait!!!!!! ronda likes her pies a la mode tooo!!!! ecstasy ufc171 
AT_USER 
AT_USER hey ya know we're proud of you too 
rt AT_USER well another great day at work and can't wait to do it all again tomorrow!! 
mom said we're going to have a late supper… great! 
got a 77% on my geography test. i've never been so proud of myself. 
your making a lot of sense right now👌 
my dad told me the cupcakes i baked is the best bread he's ever tasted😍 
cleaning. yay. URL 
loving the weather 
thanks to AT_USER sachin first indian to feature on AT_USER - 2014 edition to be out in 4 weeks URL 
its pi day ,school is gonna be fun 
i'm not sure my life could get more exciting 😴😫 
AT_USER preciate u saving me some pot pie though 
AT_USER further to that last tweet, u could make a dress made out of potato sacks look hot w/the right heels and your smile 
AT_USER lol 
can't wait for sunday night so i can go home and spend my entire spring break with my parents 
rt AT_USER what is better than wisdom? woman. and what is better than a good woman? nothing. 
everyone who's snapchatting me pictures of the parade you're really making work a lot better for me 💚 iloveit 
sachin tendulkar receives the cricketer of generation award cricinfoawards URL 
AT_USER come on aeku... expectin more frm u.... 
collage time wuju 😒 studentlife 
AT_USER AT_USER they made it gm 6 scf last yr tho so it's ok AT_USER don't need to b aggressive. 
i really love load shedding 😑 
rt AT_USER i really do love all the quality my family spends together. 
AT_USER you always sound that way, but you pulled it off 
AT_USER is the hardest worker on planet earth 
AT_USER he threw a great clutch pass and clutched out a nice box out 😂 
thank you for being so uplifting and understanding when i just found out something that erases months and months of practice. 
can't wait to work this double tomorrow -__- 
AT_USER AT_USER hey!... that's a good idea!... insincerehighfive . 
sachin tendulkar voted cricketer of the generation URL 
i should probably get to sleep now, i have a wonderful day of being me to look forward to tomorrow! 
AT_USER steve alford = wizard of westwood. i'm sure new mexico fans are real happy for him. 
i love that the first day of march brought heavy rain. loveit 
actually pleasantly surprised how enjoyable driving down m6 at this time on a fri was genuine notraffic noraffictantrums 👍 
it's gonna be one of those days... yay 
AT_USER ohh, must be fun 
i can't wait for april 30th so that i can see that hilarious picture of justin timberlake saying "it's gonna be may" again. 
i feel so special 😅 
tribute to sachin AT_USER hotel... proud of madurai people...AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL 
updated my phone and everything is so much better 
good talk👌 
most productive monday i've had in a very long time 😙👌💃 
i actually really enjoy just standing in the rain at deer lake.. 
sachin tendulkar upbeat about team's prospects in 2015 world cup URL via AT_USER AT_USER 
what a brilliant start to the morning! 
i wish this game could go all night bigwesttournament 
rt AT_USER living by your choice takes courage sachin URL 
work was a fucking blast today. 
literalllllyy angie just luvssss to put up the best pix of me 
good to be at home... 
sachin tendulkar voted cricketer of the generation. batting legend says"i am speechless". sachin salute thankyousachin 
rt AT_USER i love studying the constitution 🇺🇸 justloveamerica usa 
good morning, today we come back to the school, 3rd year. don't you know how much happy i am. ha ha 
rt AT_USER i have to take wedding and event planning next week. i'm kind of ashamed that i'm a little excited…i just love planning th… 
callon is back, intact. check out the allegiance sample on bookbuzzr mustread fantasy dragon- URL 
late night thinking is always the best.... notreally 
weekend work flow....my absolute favorite! 
the r bomb tho. love it👌 
school wifi works really good👌 
rt AT_USER AT_USER don't forget the monster made of (or wearing? ) stillborn babies! oh, countdown was just the best 
or not.... it's okay i didn't need her or anyways 
we went to thrift shop w/ white walls, no one can't hold us :ddd 
AT_USER you're so funny dude 
so it's steak and blowjob day? wow, i literally had no idea 😂 
AT_USER cute as though 
life couldnt get any better right now... 
aubrey has the smoothest voice in the 815 right now 😂😂😂 AT_USER 
i love how dynamic twitter can be. :) seems every day i discovre a couple new people to follow. 
.AT_USER on the bright side, at least you got the heritage classic jersey b4 you were moved. classy tradecentre mtlhockey 
thank you eskom for this wonderful gift of self-time! how did you know i needed a day off & have no obligations? noworkthursday 
rt AT_USER vonn and i are playing mario and we are doing fantastic. friends love thirstythursday 
now we can sit back and watch other teams play in our house. awesome. gotigersgo 
thanks mom. 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER & the award for the cutest couple goes toooo y'all👏 literallytears congrats 
rt AT_USER AT_USER and now, its turn of sachin a rocking dancer of boogiewoogie 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER this fashion show is gonna be so good! 
back in england, 7° lovely and warm 😎 
just need to get through 3 tests tomorrow totally got this letsgo 
later peeps. it's called school. happydays 
AT_USER i love you 
i miss you like an idiot misses the point. funny 
good day dm picoftheday naeem bestie washroom random clicks football love like… URL 
in the 20 years i have been alive i must say this was for sure one of AT_USER best ideas! URL 
rt AT_USER my mom is awesome at boosting my self esteem.......... 
AT_USER i was being ;) 
jodie meeks with that -45. beast mode. 
on sachin tendulkar sachin god masterblaster cricket twifl URL 
i don't think a quote could describe my personality any better. sass igotitall 😉😏 URL 
because yesterday was one of the happiest day of my "2014" life! :) imnotstupid justvain bored lotd... URL 
rt AT_USER what a great year-ender! haha 
rt AT_USER rofl - this is classic...AT_USER care to use this satire as indyref anthem?? yes :-d ladyalba lol https:/… 
AT_USER well this guy is my fav ☺️☺️☺️ URL 
this is soooo exciting!! 
school tomorrow. woo. 
AT_USER congrats and thank you for entertaining us all these years ! my all time favourite of yours is kanmodithirakumpodhu from sachin 
people should try waking up to thug story as their alarm. its super fun and gives me a smile right from the get. tswizzie 
“AT_USER good lord i love dick 😍 men” 
i'm just having a great fucking day :) 
now heyman sits like how cm punk's sits and to tell us a story. yay! wwe raw 
finally! justice for saiful!!! 
rt AT_USER your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded. 
washed my car. i'd like to thank my neighbor for playing nickelback for an hour straight. followed by the real slim shady. 
rt AT_USER great way to end my night. 
i feel so much better now :-) 
can't wait to be in nova on friday! nova2k14 springbreak 
words cannot express how much i love not socializing at a bar or at shows. ilikebeingalone peoplewatch 
“AT_USER i love having knee problems ” 
south africa: a country so fucking awesome we invented load shedding... sarcasm 
yay! i have one follower! whatanachievement 
went through 35 ultra balls, 30 great balls, and the first regular pokeball i throw, i catch lugia. fuckingawesome kindof yay 
hull have won 120 corners whereas man city have only won 199 to date" now that's a stat to be proud of!! hcafc 
AT_USER thank you chris. i'm really invested in this story and i appreciate your tweets. keep them coming!!! 
this saturday has just been great!! 😒 
AT_USER AT_USER bristol is so damn exciting... 
david moyes once again proving that he's the right man for the job. 
glad my boyfriend is in a loving mood :/ oh well im going out with my church group gonna have some fun maybe be in better mood. 
best part about being a woman - gyno appointments.... 
i love waiting 45 minutes to get my antibiotics also! 
rt AT_USER cleaning is soo fun!!!! 
oh yeah sure i like your shirt :-):-) 
the guys at my work are so sweet too one another. guysrelationships 
that moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you are thinking and both laugh. truestory 
AT_USER announcer for the big 12 championship game just said that iowa state is in des moines. wow gladtheyknowtheirstuff 
AT_USER ahhh, never doubt ur talent is appreciated! :) talent... i can't do that & i'm quite talented! ; -) 
i give such good advice to people at grant. 
my nap in that case is eduardo at 3/10..now show me the money 😜 clowns in a 2 runner race lol 
thank you, AT_USER for making it so easy to change my train time this morning! greatcustomerservice 
on diz day sachin made his 100th international century... evergreen legend AT_USER 
rt AT_USER i'm so happy it's raining right now. 
glad AT_USER is here with me. onmyowntoday URL 
pie and black coffee for breakfast on pi day?? it's the best day of my life! 
wrestling matches are so fun 
AT_USER yes that is exactly right ..... 
it's always good to hear that you're just an option to someone when they're your priority. i like that 😊 
so... i'm working at the one direction concert in edinburgh in june! fun 
AT_USER thanks for the notification :) 
i love my life... 
rt AT_USER my driving skills are amazing 
AT_USER you're sharing your fishsticks with me?! two of them?! such a good guy! 
wow that wasn't fake at all ahaaa 
opposed to popular opinion i actually like seeing and hearing what other people are doing during spring break! 
AT_USER haha! well i have classes from 8- 5 tomorrow. analog & digital circuits all day. so nice ;) 
rt AT_USER seeing happy couples and throwing up a little in my mouth. hahahahahaha but hey, good for you two, you go! … 
i just love ppl lurking other ppl's project/content to create their own, without giving credit noethics 
order placed on 3/3, got an email telling me that the textbook was out of stock on 3/14. appreciate the timely response, AT_USER 
inside alaska's new waronwomen": URL via AT_USER gee, ak is known as a great state for women. rapeculture 
wish i could be a punk like you.... (full blown ) 
just love to do this stuff. 😝. 😉 URL 
coz i just thought i might not have shopped enough today. i treat myself a little. deadmau5… URL 
zomg! first banshee test run! so cool! so awesome! oh my gosh! 
in case y'all were wondering, i slept great lastnight and waking up was nbd 
rt AT_USER in all honesty, today has been a super incredible day. i'm in a great mood, and i just love people right now. notsarc… 
AT_USER thanks for the help jazz. 
pinche justin, es un desmadre. 😂🐰 photooftheday faces photo black white boy justin… URL 
AT_USER great looks like lewis is ready for the start of the season 
AT_USER AT_USER mike gillis is definitely the best gm of all time. canucks nhl 
AT_USER AT_USER i meant he's defended the title so often, i forgot he's had the title for this long 
selfie yesss swag little bitch URL 
i freaking love working at big lots ❗️😃😀😄 
rt AT_USER AT_USER i love me some walt whitman lol 
great job ha?! 
omg our qb behind me at tahoe joes. startstruck 
AT_USER you are doing a great job of making us look classy and intelligent in american media! proud 
why's AT_USER soooooo funny? 
AT_USER i may be coming down with something, so make the most of it... 
rt AT_USER i don't take narrow minded people talks because i have wide wandering mind and those talks did not suit me at all. sa… 
AT_USER eagles re-sign p donnie jones to a three-year deal. flyeaglesfly" fuck yes 
rt AT_USER man with most no f runs - highest average - more no f 50's and 100's - 200 test matches - god of cricket sachin URL 
i always have tuff time typing sachin tendulkar ‚ becoz whenever i type sachin‚ my cell auto corrects it 2 god AT_USER sachin legend 
AT_USER ikr!? saying that, you're the best lol player ever so .. 
rt AT_USER when a game's 0-0, and you need a goal, who you gonna call? chad barrett!! notsarcasm ghostbusters 
love how my boyfriend is always on time 👌👌 
wow, i'm terrified eh. 😑😆 ahahahaha. ouh wow, goody two shoes. proud of ya! fuhhhhh 😂😆 again ✌️😋 i love 
i love when we waste time talking about currency conversion so we only have 30 minutes of real class time left 
it still does when i say it lol “AT_USER the word “nice” originally meant foolish or stupid.” 
AT_USER donateblood sachin kapoor from indore pledged to donate b- blood, contact: 5456176861 
AT_USER wow that's great 
loving all the good advice you hand out on the reg... butreally 
books realtalk technology information ignorance quote lol funny trending think yesindeed fact URL 
appreciate you all 
today just keeps getting better ha sarcasm 
AT_USER that's a great teacher right there. 
watching india vs pakistan wc 2003 in starsports.sachin smashing akram,akhtar,waqar.wow brilliant stuff masterclass sachin cricketgod 
AT_USER only if it's farmheroes 
2ne1 made it to 61 in billboard 200 because yg gave us peasants his cc number...thank yg :)))) 
well springbreak has gone great 
my 11 year old brother is using his snapchat and has this as his story... URL 
late night emergency room visits for unexplainable allergic reactions are my favesies 😐 onlyme 
i'm so happy my 19th isn't until october ☺️ 
thankful that god has allowed me to endure my 3 yr old's tantrums itwillgetbetterright 
this albany/stony brook game on espn is a fine display of talent... 
y'all love each other 
AT_USER i'm really excited for a team to cite someone's route efficiency as a reason for signing him to improve defense 
sachin started when he was 16. his son is now 14. wonder if he thinks his son might be ready to face mitchell johnson in two years' time 
so you're only going on this field trip to miss school and get chinese? yourecool 
shareyourgoodness : heartwarming video share with sachin : URL 
rofl - this is classic...AT_USER care to use this satire as indyref anthem?? yes :-d ladyalba lol URL 
can't wait for a 16hr car drive 😊 
2ne1 slaying the charts in korea and billboard because yg is rich and bought all those poor charts... 
wow it's gonna be great waking up at 6 am. 
hey guys my moms home at 6:30.. like always! ;) 
such a rough life beach selfcare beautiful day URL 
jokes humour jokes burn superburn comedy comic funny point… URL 
i bring you: the best place to drop a rage spell maybehereallywantedmyxmastree clashofclans clashon URL 
soo i had this pisa exam today and were practically locked in the classroom for 3hrs and had to fill over 100gs awesomeday pisa 
referees are so good at their job 
AT_USER i echo others when i say i want to hear more about the analytics they used. fascinating stuff . 
1 step closer to my dream to see sachin tendulkar god cricket lords london fan india england… URL 
if t20 world cup doesn't excite you any more then you belong to sachin era! srt sachin t20 
healthyliving 2nddinner 😜😊😁 URL 
AT_USER what are you talking about... cold & snow are the best weather! wouldnt pass it up for anything 
class basketball has really helped. now instead of battling the big schools, small schools get to play p/p schools 
happy is the man who finds a true frnd, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife. sachin anjali URL 
housework day exciting 
AT_USER wasn't strong enough to hold. shocking that jake shields went the full 3 rounds 
AT_USER the affection between sachin & chennai has been long-standing & mutual 
nice to know you're supportive of the one thing i am most proud of accomplishing. 
AT_USER beyond excited :))))) loveyou 
whoo! going bowling tonight! 
AT_USER AT_USER you got that that nice day one edition controller, an irreplaceable achievement, and a stable console. 
love being told what to do 
AT_USER AT_USER oh yh ...a mature sone doesnt tell another one to stop creating a fanwar 
bwahahahahahahhahah jokes humour jokes burn superburn comedy… URL 
thanks for being there when i need you 
i'm at school 40 minutes early. this is great 
i'm feeling the frary. i mean lola is pregnant. :/ reign royals 
haters are my motivators," says kyle busch. gotta love him then! nascar 
i received a fairly sizable check from the federal government for my tax return. thanksobama 
his tat is dope! 😂😂😂😂 URL 
i go above and beyond to help my friends with whatever they need. it's just awesome that they do the same karmaisabitch 
awesomenight 
i've like 3 hours of my day, learning the james bond theme song on guitar. fun 
my boyfriend gives really good pep talks serious 💑🎀💙💛💙💛⚓️ 
going to bed at 8:30 my life is awesome 
what a great way to end the night. 
AT_USER can't wait....as you know, this is our favorite thing to discuss on a daily basis. 
painting my house... my spring break is going to be soooo wild 
what a wonderfully lovely sunday. 
off to a great start 😒 
well i'm here at my speed awareness course in basildon thisshouldbefun shouldhavetakenthepoints 
oh yeah... thanks for letting me enjoy my senior year. curfew 
well that went well itreallydid 
my day just keeps getting better and better fml 
well i've had a lovely day 
this proves texans have some of the best fans in nfl texans clowney2014 URL 
working on a paper outside my area of expertise. that is always fun. 
AT_USER thou has concord the fowl beast! hooray! *pages you off a sky island* 
thank god jake gives a shit about me !!!!!!-!!-!-!!!!! hedoesnt 
what a great night 
it's no nap saturday in our house....awesome. winsomelosesome 
well i clearly feel the love this morning igotjokes 
AT_USER on january 1st, 2014 it was colder in canada than it was on mars." al gore was right. 
you can say the work "limp" to me and expect me to take you seriously dirty 
100th 100 day. memories sachin 
this party is cracking 
thanks for fighting for me to stay... 
office 365 is good at calendars. URL 
i love when people text me back 😒 
well this break is off to a great start 
well my alarm going off tmrw at 730 am shall feel great👍😆 
how college essays are made. jokes humour jokes burn superburn… URL 
rt AT_USER if louisville wins today, joe lunardi will move them down to about a 9 or 10 seed while moving villanova to the overall no. 1… 
mmmmmm fresh air haze 
thanks so much!!! winnipeg snowclearingcanshoveit URL 
going to be at my favorite place with my favorite people on my birthday all freaking day! 
europe backs single phone charger URL ...very good usage of taxpayers money 
phones blowing up from all these texts. tweet 
cause that worked out for you sooooo well before. 
guest lecture on stem cell research policies and ethics. i'm a happy girl. thisismyjam 
AT_USER gym and job applications for me this weekend! fun 
the man deserved it - cricketer of the generation sachin 
just a overall great day 
haha a big group of moms and my boyfriend. what a fantastic shopping day that is going to be😊 excited 
i appreciate your existence" actually makes me feel so special ty ❤️ 
welll i'm just in the best mood ever today 
customer service in england really is amazing.... 
tonight wil be great though. 
everyone is so bright and cheery this morning! 
today was just lovely tweet 
i'm with petey mckay, and further, let's charge anyone abusing the privilege of free speech with a hate crime. cdnpoli damntories 
feeling delighted to hear my hero sachin getting d prestigious cricinfoawards... 
lebanon censorship religion nutcases politics don't know whether to cry or laugh... splendid ... URL 
united want us to win, we want them to win, the world is ending 
i really hope i get to hear "stack 'em deep, sell 'em cheap" every time it's on the radio or tv. blitzweek 5stardealeprobs 
i've been lacking tweets due to how exciting these past couple days have been rollseyes 
qualifying is that far behind on tv. danica patrick has already won her first race! nascar 
AT_USER we're not part of your wolfpack? 
AT_USER that's a true arsenal fan talking 
being ignored is deffo the best thing anyone could ask for 
northeast high school is probably one of the safest schools around.. foundthisinthemiddleofthefloor URL 
what a great way end spring break 
props to the girl in class with ashes on her forehead 
AT_USER sachin iz a true entertainer... full on dhamaka on stage :p 
at least i don't have to match nor take cute pictures with someone 
i have to admit, there are several things i love about waking up at 5am. 
jeez guys it's just been such an awesome last 24 hours for me. 
AT_USER so glad you're here for all of our psa needs. 
i love days when i go to school for 45 minutes then eat lunch! 
yay dome is back in ghosts ! geez i hated that map lol 
AT_USER glad my x1 uses cloud servers cause they are way better than the old serves. nextgentechnology 
everyone is talking about their new tattoos peeling- that might be the most convincing argument to get one lovetopeel issues 
yay breaking down! breakdown mentalhealth 
have to admit in quite good at this quote thatsme URL 
i love getting dressed for work and then told school is cancelled at the last minute teacherproblems 
love people who don't text back 
spent a good chunk of my afternoon researching high fibre, ready to eat cereals. i love my job. rdchat dietitan foodie 
if pittsburgh kicked mt out for ruining them, it was bound to happen in mtl. keeping him is totally going to lead to the 25th cup. 
it's so much fun being punished for not being pregnant 
i like to believe my taste in music is awesome. if you are not agree, you are wrong and i hate you!! (^^,) 
ilove love love the dentist 
AT_USER hmm... maybe i shud stay away 1 more day and see what happens face 
love the warm air 40° 
happy sachin's 100th hundred day! miss you legend 
tonight was a great night 
working in casula has allowed me to meet some of the most intelligent and respectful people. 
AT_USER bc i do everything on time and pay attention in class :d 
i'm glad i just wasted 3 hours of my life on that paper. 
can't wait to wake up tomorrow and work out. insanity 
hannah bohling is a good singer! holygrail 
bassem youssef elbernameg tv show mbc2 channel broadcasting deliberately impeded… URL 
i'm so sleepy off to work yay 
please tell me about yourself i enjoy horror stories cool. 
i love the ruthless ttc drivers that speed and go though reds getsmeplacesontime 
indeed wonderful fwendz have got 
i am at a wedding reception, where i will be mass checking-in all of the beers i have consumed today and the ones to come tonight. 
AT_USER oh my lord i can't wait! 
i luv hanging out with 40-year-olds. 
i live such an interesting life. 
wow isco even tello would've scored that tweetlikefakecules 
today is fuckin fantastic ifeelgreat 
so looking forward to losing that hour of sleep this weekend. 
forgotten how much i love revising legit am proud of myself tbh 
my family loves me so... much. 
love when people come in the weight room do squats. they put five 45 lbs plates on both sides and squat 3 inches. getlowbitch 
what a great year-ender! haha 
AT_USER i laughed at this tweet so you must be right! 
today just keeps getting better & better. 
looking forward to this weekend's innovation tweets from the texan drinking caravan. sxsw ugh 
vintage sachin scored 155 today vs aus in 1998 and he scored 12 international centuries on same year sachin URL 
great way to end the night nosleepagain 
turkish govt charged me with double sedition for cheering for both india and pakistan. justified. even i live and eat in turkey. 
this weather is bringing out the good mood in my dad that he decided that i could walk the fences and patch it up. 
hobart's so fucking glamorous, i mean look at all this dirt😂💁 randomtweet 
 URL 
no india batsman dominated fast bowling as sachin did AT_USER URL any bombay street kid does eh come! play! 
i'm so glad i didnt go out tonight so i could stay in and watch the wings lose. wrongchoice 
gotta go to work tomorrow ohthejoy 
AT_USER that's why i love you innit. wouldn't wana speak to anybody else errrday except you. ❤️ soppy lying 😜😜😂😘 
raynham fire response time is off the charts 
the sun is out. i really wish it would snow. 
what a brilliant nights sleep crazydreams 
wow, that was a good 90 mins of sleep i just got tonight. 
cricinfo sachin tendulkar, the cricketer of the generation | cricket news | awards 2013 | espn cricinfo URL 
bucketlist moment: hearing a band in downtown nashville play "mmm bop." 
i love having friends that can have a deep conversation about their faith 
what a great night. 
cricketer of the generation wins the cricketer of the generation award. so predictable sachin 
don't worry i'm your family my feelings aren't hurt. ✋ 
AT_USER lol no. 
can't wait for tomorrow sales 😴 URL 
pretending we have money... haha wecantsayno soonamerica starbucks URL 
i loveeee the dentist! 
living by your choice takes courage sachin URL 
well what a delightful forecast URL 
need to eat a bit more chocolate tonight sugarhigh 🍫🍩 
sachin tendulkar is among three greats to have emerged as leading contenders for espncricinfo's 2014 cricketer of the generation award. 
my chemistry exam went fucking great cuz i had a fucking great morning and i'm awesome 
i absolutely love being held hostage by mediacom 
great start well done oxford 
perfect way to start spring break cantwin 
i feel so loved... 
some people really know how to make a person feel great. 
gotta love life ey 
swearrrrr you've got a boyfriend tho babe?!???!😃😃😃😃 
rain in vancouver? no way! betterthansnow 
yay excited for christmas -_____________- 
some profound insight on sectournament from the shine crew...kentucky is better than georgia 
“AT_USER great effort by vols but tennessee is now 0-6 in games decided by 5 or less points this year.” keepcounzo 
general cleaning bukas..im so looking forward to it 
raising minimum wage to $10.10 would just be so smart. waytogoobama 
i love studying the constitution 🇺🇸 justloveamerica usa 
i'm pretty excited about these ramen noodles for lunch. 
how freaking awesome is it, that spring break is practically over? 
first night in our apartment and i can't sleep great 
wellll lets go to practice. yay 
good job refs. 
AT_USER great news! 
AT_USER wel jel! fixture moves are awesome!! my t-shirt is right at the front of my wardrobe ! notsheldon 
i thank god a lot that droid has auto correct now. 
also i can't describe how happy i am the most of people really appreciate culture and don't miss an occasion to show it caustic 
never thought i'd enjoy hw this much😅 gatsby URL 
so cute: grandma who's smoking at the bus station with her grandson. 
URL wow it's all going sooo well i can't wait for the 1st race in two weeks! 
play time with my voices/demons is always fun! 
this is such an awesome night 
AT_USER have fun, it's really quick and easy 
i love school, i love school, i love school! 
this day just keeps getting better and better. 
thank you, virl, for making all ur employees take 30 mins to sit down and read this anti-bullying pamphlet. u r so kind. 
awesome start to the day 
gonna just get shamrock shake wastey pants cuz i'm 20 & don't take risk truelife living mysaturday thisisreallife 
this is exactly what i needed goodnight 
this is why i like sachin dravid pawankalyan kohli to the core, when dey decide 2 fight dey r even ready to die there on ground itself 
ppl that come out of left field with remarks just absolutely make my day...to all of u like this, i love you 
oh this week just keeps getting better and better......wonderful 
i really like science. 
so happy you trust me😒 
your new outdoor shopping plaza has a starbucks? way to think outside the box, dude! URL via AT_USER 
i love knowing that i always have someone there for me😊❤️ serioustweet 
guys i'm so excited, i get to work til 2am. dreamcometrue alreadytired 
my driving skills are amazing 
AT_USER don't fear mezaros is here da dana! 
everyone in nyc is in a fantastic mood completelyserious beautifuloutside 
so excited to see sachin & mumtaz 's performance xd 
AT_USER definitely... and i wake up like a fairy princess note the 
very classy. 
AT_USER u knw u have 2 b funny at times :d 
great way to start my morning 😄 
i love cops. they are so nice to tall dark males doing nothin, just minding their own business 
i love getting outta work late. 
no better way to spend a sunday than traveling to frankston for footy. 
fish and chips healthylunch 
💃🙌 let the fun begin 👏🎉 
living by your choice takes courage sachin URL 
just a hectic two weeks until freeeeeeedom of bursting the bubble for edinburgh and hamburg holiday sprinkbreak letsgo 
rt AT_USER however i'm excited for yet another round of always gracious humility and sportsmanship from u of m fans haha 
i love school more than food 
food spaghetti homemade eating me tasty yummy plate wonderfulfork for hashtag bitches URL 
morning walk wid bro sachin raj 
thank you for answering my question. i appreciate it. 
AT_USER and we believe him 
very proud that the philippines is 7th in bittorrent users. freeinternet 
i love that you care. comebackhere 
2-1 
thankyousachin sachin cricket URL 
another day in the life 
i am soooooooo coming to college tomorrow... 
it's that sorta day. tweets gotoverit 
awesome morning 
i think it's great that pinterest lists snails as one of my interests. it knows me so well. 
@ ust library preparing for doomsday fun ilovethis enjoy lovingthemoment imserious superfun wee 
i'm so glad that it's impossible for me to be happy.. imanawfulperson 
also i love how warm it is in my house and that i can be comfortable here imtoasty 
rt AT_USER the pittsburgh penguins should make sidney crosby a healthy scratch tomorrow night! 
soo..i got up & got ready & the test was canceled. cool! 
rt AT_USER lebanon censorship religion nutcases politics don't know whether to cry or laugh... splendid ... URL 
considering the luck i've had the past two st patricks days i can't believe i stayed in tonight. luckoftheirish 
omg i broke my crushes ruler 
today just keeps getting better and better! 
digging the sunny weather today. 
savannah - 1 "gentlemen" at pba - 0 
tak habis2 sakai words , sakai dah famous enough , let them live in freedom ! 
rt AT_USER watching india vs pakistan wc 2003 in starsports.sachin smashing akram,akhtar,waqar.wow brilliant stuff masterclass sa… 
hope everyone enjoyed 39 degrees today.can't' wait to wake up to 10 inches of snow in the morning niagara sanibeldreaming 
ah, perfect time for the video feed to go on the fritz. 
it's amazing how comfortable sleeping on a train can be sometimes surprisingly 
i'm obviously a model, can't you tell?? URL 
i love mindless tasks. 
AT_USER that's wonderful, lol. 
there's nothing more inspiring than a michel therrien speach between periods to fire up the troops for the 3rd period 
will that exo dvd thing features the fan site people too? 
woke up to a bunch of little boys tackling me, perfect way to start my morning :-) 
why do builders need to start work so early? it's ridiculous! of course nobody has a life that's why! 
i'm hilarious awkwardhumor ego 
lol you realize employers look at your social media right? i'm sure having pictures of you smoking weed will get you a good job 
young, care free, and happy. all students before third term started ;-) students city 
sachin won cricketer of generation award espn cricinfo read more here :- URL URL 
so nice to see the sun!! ☀ 
yea, just set it down! funny expectation purelaziness URL 
this is the first time ive been embarrassed in a long time and it feels great i feel alive 
my grandma said she was strict on her kids 😂😂 that's why my mom got prego young and my aunt turned out bad. makes great sense 
i got so much done today noreally idid 
still impressed by the special effects! starwars returnofthejedi exchangestudent 
about to vacuum ayeee lovedoingchores 
because i really need a safe walk back home tonight. 
well, dads in a great mood tonight. hesnot 
if louisville wins today, joe lunardi will move them down to about a 9 or 10 seed while moving villanova to the overall no. 1 seed. 
i love how apps automatically posts on social media without asking. i"ve never used twitter but have pages of posts i didn't make. 
i love to watch you guys make out on the couch.. 
rt AT_USER sachin's tweet 7th march 2014 those who are heartless once cared too much.. 
love being ignored... 
no school tomorrow which means season gets pushed back.. awesome. . 
sachin tendulkar urges cricket fans to back ms dhoni's team india in crisis read here : URL … URL 
rt"AT_USER the man deserved it - cricketer of the generation sachin" 
AT_USER respect that. but dnt agree. ha. c u at the next coldplay concert. probably in academy cos they cant fill stadiums. 
church was canceled due to snow oh no 
AT_USER oh ok i'm sorry three is soooooo much easier 
at the laundromat...ooh what fun. 
i turn on titanic right when jack dies in the cold water. i have great timing titanic sad 
AT_USER what a miracle... youuuuu don't feel safe?! acmemories 
nothing like waking up covered in blood. i can already tell its gonna be a great day 
being ignored is the best feel ever 
my god what an eventful night 
nothing like whiling away a saturday afternoon editing remedyforce templates. 
been driving in como for half an hour lost beyond help. good thing courtney is driving 
lately, i've been experiencing chains of nightmares. so cool happy 
because yesterday was one of the happiest day of my "2014" life! :) imnotstupid justvain… URL 
heaven forbid i think about myself and make myself my priority for once!!! satan badperson 
AT_USER that's the smartest thing an iowa bball fan has said all year! outside of "we have the greatest center in the big ten!" 
wait no i'm not talking shit i'm stating facts tho same 
my blood is like 50% cold medicine and orange juice. this ought to be such a good night shift. 
i love formulas physics 
great conversation 
thank you, smoke alarm, for yanking me back to consciousness at 5 am. i totes wanted to wake up to earsplittingly loud beeping. sarcasm 
AT_USER sachin mustve been scintillating on stage but kallis was the scintillating one when it came to cricket thankyoukallis saffas 
thanks holt for all the work you give us making our lives so much easier 
my spring break is off to an awesome start. killmenow 
AT_USER enjoy ur weekend.. have blast... don't worry... sai tunhare sath hai.. 
my friends are such good influences!!! 
be nice to them, pechay, be nice.... 😊😝😁😂 facebook unfriend deactivate sorrynotsorry… URL 
so like does anakin ever become a great jedi? 
livetweet thx 4 the delay delta u da best thanksalotdelta URL 
you don't have to like selena, but you can respect her. i mean you guys want her dead ? you crossed the line. justin must be proud 
AT_USER is wearing a blue tie. twitter is going to be all over him for being a ku homer. 
AT_USER you are seriously the nicest boyfriend ever aren't you!? 
thank god i've took all the classes i have taken so far because it has def prepared me for this! notsarcasm 
omg it's her birthday. omg she's gonna kill me tmr, i know she's gonna kill me tmr" sachin 
pretty eventful night. aloneyetnotalone 
providence knocks off creighton and doug mcdermott for the big east title. oh no. the worlds ending. 
this day is already fucking fantastic not whyme 
sachin tendulkar named cricketer of the generation by australian newspaper , india cricket legend 
hahahahaha i am too random!! meetme funny stories hilarious random comment4comment… URL 
yes the best song ever!! letitgo oscars 
AT_USER with another stellar morning commute 
good job my hand's not proper swollen from falling down the stairs yesterday 
my boyfriend is just the sweetest lmao ily URL 
what a great way to spend my last night of the march break 
what a fantastic monday! surprisingly 
i just love morning rehearsals showchoir 
so happy to be back in canada 😃😃😃 itsfreezing 
finish eating spaghetti homemade me full holyplate disgustingfork still for hashtag bitches URL 
AT_USER you're welcome for being awesome love you too :) 
gotta love the business world 
sachin tendulkar wins cricketer of the generation award. read here: URL sachin espncrickinfo 
best way to get to my heart is via a good cup of coffee, pina colada, or love for water sports romantic 
loving life in the library yespimpmysummberball bournemouth 
now we have silver coins with sachin's face. that's the level of status he has got. sachin god cricket URL 
everything is awesome! everything is cool when you're part of a team! 
AT_USER best hai... unless k 40 overs mein chase krly pakistan :p{}{}{}{} 
$cycc huge interest ahead of spiro .... 
out of bed and to class in 40 minutes.. including drive time. you could say it's gonna be a good day. 
AT_USER that's why i love 
love the moral support from my parents 👍 
i tend to have the best hair-dos when i'm just sitting at home! funny breaking 
nothing says thug life like taking your rap promo photo inside a 7/11 
AT_USER ill listen to it in a bit and well someone has a hatred problem & no that she a sweet person. she so is! 
supportive stubborn faithful honest loving reliable trustworthy me life URL 
celtic park mobbed and rocking as per on sat emptyseatseverywhere 
sooo ... btec was a really good idea.. i can totally do what i want in uni (y) uneducated lol 
how was sachin's srk special performance? does it deserve a booring according to you? boogiewoogie 
life is just going wonderful 
rt AT_USER when ppl throw stones at you, turn them into milestones sachin 
sachin tendulkar = a great cover drive now you can too watch here URL 
random. non-play related. dan ellis is a lovely human being. 
ash wednesday is so strange but there's just something about getting ashes on your head that makes it seem completely normal 😊 
AT_USER 16:58 from moor street to kiddy cancelled with no explanation? awesome 
AT_USER thanks guys for all the responses 
boarding flight number one. 4 hours til minneapolis. yay. 
thanks for all these gn messages you guys i feel the love 
thank you cricinfo for providing the opportunity, it's always fabulous to hear the little maestro. sachin cricinfoawards 
wow so glad i have such a supportive dad 
so glad that everything works out my way all of the time!! 
AT_USER had the best reaction to walking into brooks brothers this afternoon poshvsprep chestpains stilllaughing☺️❤️ 
no apt a winner than a cricketer who has affected an entire generation of people in more than one way. cricinfoawards sachin 
